Hello everyone, ICICI Lombard
has two flexi products available,
Health Advantage and Health Shield. The
video of Health Advantage is already available on our channel,
which provides worldwide coverage as well as
a comprehensive maternity cover. The
link to the video
is available in the description box below. You can watch the video from there.
In today's video,
we will talk about Health Shield. We will
discuss the product's features and benefits, as well as the company's wellness program and all the optional benefits in detail.
As a bonus strip, I will
tell you about the product's quality score.
But for this, it is important that
you stay with me till the end of the video.
And yes, if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel, then quickly
subscribe to the channel and do
not forget to press the bell icon so that
you keep getting notifications of all our upcoming videos from time to time.
Power Financial Planner and Your Watching
Aapke Benefit Ki Baat
[Music]
So, ICICI Health Shield is a very
advanced health insurance policy, which has a
network of hospitals.  It provides
cashless treatment. The
product covers inpatient hospice as well as
all types of daycare
treatments, including domiciliary treatment, Ayurvedic, Yoga, Unani, Siddha, and homeopathic. The
policy provides 30 days of free hospitalization and
60 days of post-hospitalization cover to cover all expenses incurred on medicines and diagnostic tests before and after hospitalization.
This coverage
is slightly lower than its peer products, but the
product offers several unique features
that make it special. The
policy also covers organ donor expenses, as well as
surface ambulance and air ambulance expenses.
Air ambulance
expenses are over
and above your basic group. To ensure you don't face
any problems hiring an ambulance during horseplay,
you also get facilities
like ambulance assistant and tele-consultation. To ensure you
get maximum coverage, the
policy provides you with the most comprehensive coverage.  Unlimited
Restoration Benefit: With the help of which you can refill the risk cover
of your policy for multiple times in a year
and
after only two years all specified diseases and
pre-existing diseases are covered in the policy
which is a very unique feature.
Apart from this, if you do
not make any claim in the policy for the entire year, then
for this the company provides you additional benefit
which is 10% of your sum assured and
your ASI amount can be maximum
50% of your value. The company has
given you the option if you want to increase this ASI amount, then with the
help of Super ASI Rider you can increase this amount.
For example, if you have taken a
policy of Rs 10 lakh from the policy, then with the
help of this rider you can increase the ASI amount by 50% every year
and the maximum coverage will be
100%. If your basic ASI is
more than Rs 10 lakh, then with the help of Super ASI Rider
you can increase the ASI amount by 50% every year.  You get an annual 50% benefit,
and this compounding increases to 200%. This
means you can expect
your policy's sum insured to triple in four years. The
product also
offers a variety of optional benefits that allow
you to customize your product to
suit your retirement needs. For example, the
MCB Protector Rider ensures
that if you make a
claim up to ₹50,000, the
company will reimburse you for the additional sub-insured claim. The
Protector Rider ensures that
your policy's
risk cover increases every year in response to rising market inflation. The
Protector Rider allows you to
cover all consumable items.
Similarly, if you are hospitalized for more than three days, the
Hospital Cash Benefit Rider allows
you to claim ₹2,000 to ₹3,000
from the company.  It will be capped at a
maximum of 10 days. If you are on horseplay for more than 5 days
and
require personal attendance, you
can avail of a Compassionate Benefit Rider, in
which the company
provides a lump sum of ₹10,000 to ₹30,000. For
more than 10 days, the
company
provides a lump sum of ₹10,000.
Similarly, the product also offers a
Nursing Home Rider, which allows you to receive
treatment from the comfort of your own home.
You can claim ₹2,000 to ₹3,000 from the company.
Normally, in the case of an accident or critical illness,
we incur large hospital bills.
If you want an
increase in your sum assured in case of critical illnesses and accidents,
you can increase your basic sum assured by up to
200% with the help of a Critical Illness Rider and a Personal Accident Rider. This is one of the benefits
of D Finance Health Insurance.
While designing the products, the company has kept
in mind not only your illness but also your wellness. With the help of the company's wireless and
respect value added services, you
get free health checkup every year along with unlimited online doctor consultation and dietician and nutrition consultation. In
which I will tell you
about the quality score of the product. Friends, this is an
irritating product whose quality score
is 65%, which we have calculated on the basis of multiple factors
like the
claim settlement ratio of the company is 80.6% and out
of every 10,000 clients, only seven people complain about
their claims.
This
company settles 100% of its clients within a maximum of 30 days.
And this was all about Health Shield. I hope
you would have liked this product very much.
If you want to purchase this product,
want to do your financial planning
or
you want to take our assistance for any issue related to your claim,  If you want,
you can definitely contact me
on my mobile number 98104118. So friends, that's all for today. I will meet
you in the next video
with some other benefit for you. Take
care
[Music]